triggers {
  name: "Show Variable"
  events {
    ops {
      functionName: "On Item Interaction"
      args {
        call_value {
          functionName: "Get Map Item (InteractableObject)"
          args {
            string_value: "56480e303464359c2a00331f"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
  conditions {
  }
  actions {
    ops {
      functionName: "Display Text over Prop"
      args {
        call_value {
          functionName: "Get Map Item (Prop)"
          args {
            string_value: "56480e303464359c2a00331f"
          }
        }
      }
      args {
        call_value {
          functionName: "Get Preset Value (int)"
          args {
            string_value: "TextPopupStyle"
          }
          args {
            int_value: 0
          }
        }
      }
      args {
        call_value {
          functionName: "Get Story Variable (string)"
          args {
          }
          args {
            string_value: "Global_Hub_LoadingText"
          }
        }
      }
      args {
        float_value: 0
      }
      args {
        float_value: 0
      }
      args {
        float_value: 0
      }
      args {
        float_value: 0
      }
      args {
        float_value: 3
      }
      args {
        float_value: 3
      }
      args {
        float_value: 0
      }
    }
  }
  isActive: true
  idRef {
    id: "56480e583464359c2a003323"
  }
  elseActions {
  }
  is_oneshot: false
}
triggers {
  name: "Load Next Map"
  events {
    ops {
      functionName: "On Item Interaction"
      args {
        call_value {
          functionName: "Get Map Item (InteractableObject)"
          args {
            string_value: "56480e323464359c2a003320"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
  conditions {
  }
  actions {
    ops {
      functionName: "Open Scene"
      args {
        call_value {
          functionName: "Get Map Item (Scene)"
          args {
            string_value: "test_combat"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
  isActive: true
  idRef {
    id: "56480e853464359c2a003324"
  }
  elseActions {
  }
  is_oneshot: true
}
regions {
  name: "Camera"
  position {
    x: -2
    y: -4
    width: 6
    height: 6
  }
  enabledAtStart: true
  is_camera_region: true
  is_matrix_node: false
  is_vfx_fill_region: false
  idRef {
    id: "56480e463464359c2a003322"
  }
  highlight_color {
    r: 0
    g: 0
    b: 0
    a: 1
  }
  visible_at_start: false
  is_closet: false
  is_teleporter_region: false
  directional_light_dir {
    x: -0.5
    y: -1
    z: -0.75
  }
  directional_light_color {
    r: 0.50196081
    g: 0.50196081
    b: 0.50196081
    a: 1
  }
  ambient_light_color {
    r: 0.50196081
    g: 0.50196081
    b: 0.50196081
    a: 1
  }
  ambience_template: ""
  combat_music: ""
  default_music: ""
  loop_combat_music: true
  loop_default_music: false
  no_fow_in_region: false
  combat_intense_music: ""
  combat_wrapup_music: ""
  loop_combat_intense_music: true
  loop_combat_wrapup_music: true
  combat_intense_threshold: 5
  combat_wrapup_threshold: 2
  combat_fade_interval: 2
  combat_intro_stinger: ""
  combat_outro_stinger: ""
  vfx_fill_prefab_name: ""
}
characters {
  name: "system_spawner_playerSpawner"
  gridPoint {
    x: 0
    y: 0
    z: -2
  }
  orientation: ORIENTATION_S
  idRef {
    id: "56480e183464359c2a00331d"
  }
  lod: 0
  character_instance {
    character_mod {
      archetypeName: "Player"
    }
    team_id: "Shadowrunners"
    char_name: "New Actor"
    enabled_at_start: true
    pc_spawn_number: 0
  }
}
worldMapLocation {
  filename: ""
  location {
    x: 0
    y: 0
  }
}
mapName: "test_global_string_1"
parentStory: ""
scene_title: "New Scene"
scene_subtitle: ""
scene_synopsis: "$(story.Global_Hub_LoadingText)"
scene_image: ""
scene_continue_button_skip: false
scene_restore_runner_health: false
directional_light_dir {
  x: -0.5
  y: -1
  z: -0.75
}
directional_light_color {
  r: 0.50196081
  g: 0.50196081
  b: 0.50196081
}
ambient_light_color {
  r: 0.50196081
  g: 0.50196081
  b: 0.50196081
}
allow_drawn_weapons: false
team_affiliations {
  team_name: "Shadowrunners"
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 0
}
team_affiliations {
  team_name: "Gangers"
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 0
}
team_affiliations {
  team_name: "LoneStar"
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 1
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 0
}
team_affiliations {
  team_name: "Civilians"
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 0
  affiliation: 0
}
scene_dimensions {
  dimension_name: "Default"
}
show_hiring_screen_on_scene_load: false
scene_hiring_prerequisites {
  prereq_description: ""
  prereq_conditions {
  }
}
hiring_slot_count: 0
hiring_minimum_karma: 0
hiring_maximum_karma: 0
roster_overrides {
}
use_hiring_cost_warning: false
hiring_average_cost: 99999
override_hiring_average_cost: true
show_equip_screen_on_scene_load: false
is_persistant: false
is_persistant_has_value: false
can_move_outside_camera_regions: false
can_start_before_triggers: false
can_use_team_advancement: false
